# Changesets

Hello and welcome! This folder has been automatically generated by `@changesets/cli`, a build tool that works
with multi-package repos, or single-package repos to help you version and publish your code. You can
find the full documentation for it [in our repository](https://github.com/changesets/changesets)

We have a quick list of common questions to get you started engaging with this project in
[our documentation](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/common-questions.md)

Since we only have one package in this repo, we will only have one package in
changesets.

```md
---
"@empirica/core": minor
---
```

```md
---
"@empirica/core": patch
---
```

# Prereleases

1. Every time we want to make a pre-release, we create a names prerelease/...
   branch with the feature we want to release (for example,
   prerelease/engine-rewrite)
1. In the prerelease branch, we enter pre mode. Normally we want to set the npm
   tag to be next (npm run changeset pre enter next), but if we want to have
   concurrent tags, we can have them (npm run changeset pre enter other_tag)
1. We PR into the prerelease branch, and we merge to the prerelease branch.
1. Like with main, every time we merge to the prerelease branch, a Version
   Package PR will be created, that we can merge back a prerelease into the
   prerelease branch to publish the prerelease.
1. When the release branch is finished and ready to go into main, we exit pre
   mode (yarn changeset pre exit) and we create a PR from the release branch
   into main.
1. If we forget to exit pre mode, the "Check pre-release" workflow will catch it
   and generate an error. We should be aware of this error, as we don't
   currently have anything blocking us from merging a prerelease into main.
